# Smart-healthcare
Internet of Things and cloud computing brought new technologies all over the world and as a result the concept of “smart city” has introduced and grown rapidly in recent years. The traditional urban system has a very inefficient mode of operation due to the reason that there is no effective interconnection between the information of the systems. The concept of the Internet of Things (IoT) integrated with embedded system and new technologies in the healthcare sector has opened a new field of research. The idea of smart healthcare has increasingly gained traction as information technology advances. Smart healthcare employs a new generation of information technology, such as the internet of things, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, to completely reinvent the conventional medical system, making it more efficient and personalized.With the aim of incorporating the idea of smart healthcare, we list the main technologies that help smart healthcare and discuss the current state of smart healthcare in many key fields in including smart hospital and smart medicine. The ultimate aim of smart hospitals is to provide the best possible patient treatment by using advanced ICT. All relevant information is available when needed; access to internal and external expertise is available when needed; and reliable and successful surgical/diagnosis procedures are available to help achieve this aim with a low error rate and at a reasonable cost. Moreover, The natural decrease in physical condition of old peoples and simultaneously the increase of different diseases, force them to take medicine on time to improve their health conditions which leads us to the concept of smart medicine. In order to solve this series of such problems in this article all these concepts will be discussed.
